[flutter_adaptive_scaffold] Change `selectedIndex` on `standardNavigationRail` to allow null value. (#3088)
flutter/packages: packages/flutter_adaptive_scaffold/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.1.0

> * Change `selectedIndex` on `standardNavigationRail` to allow null value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Change the `selectedIndex` parameter on `standardNavigationRail` to allow null values to indicate "no destination".
```

> * A null `selectIndex` applied to `standardBottomNavigationBar` will be set to -1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An explicitly null `currentIndex` parameter passed to `standardBottomNavigationBar` will also default to 0, just like implicitly null missing parameters.
```
